do you remember a certain point in
history in YouTube history with this
channel where I did a little little
photo editing and got a little bit of
flack for it just a tad
you see I edited a mountain into a
desert I don't think I did the best job
I got the shadows wrong just the idea of
putting a mountain in a desert was
probably wrong I think it came out you
half-decent but apparently again it did
not this video is sponsored by Fiverr
and we're gonna go on Fiverr together as
a group and we're gonna see if there's
an editor on Fiverr that can do a better
job
[Music]
[Applause]
okay so the plan for this video is to
log on to fiverr.com and find a bunch of
people who specialized in editing photos
photo manipulation Photoshop artists and
we're gonna pick a few of them and we're
gonna see who can edit this mountain
into this photo right here now it's
important to say this photo was taken
originally by Gao you save UCF it's
taken by Gao his Instagram is right here
credit where credit is due
and the photo is great it didn't even
need any editing it was a beautiful
capture with a great subject matter and
the whole composition was was amazing we
originally edited this in a video series
that I do called editing your photos and
I believe this was episode 1 this was
the first episode we did with this
format that was very very popular which
we will be doing again soon so get your
photos ready let's find some people on
Fiverr let's go to fiverr.com I am let's
start with $5 Lee 22 Leo I will edit and
design anything in Photoshop in 2 hours
2 hours let's go Sachin 81 I will do
professional Photoshop editing 15,000
reviews 15,000 have 5 starred this dude
jr. I've got this little blurb set up
for people so that when they get this
image they will know let's just start
moving up let's go 25 Dominic I will
professionally edit your photos in
Lightroom I love the title of all of
these I will edit your photos fast
sounds like a tutorial Peter McKinnon
would have made 2 years ago this is like
a self roast this is getting out of hand
fast isn't it $35 right here for Maddie
I will edit professional Photoshop
manipulation and photo retouch that's
exactly what I'm looking for
we need a myriad of options we need a
plethora of options here just of a
bountiful selection 50 bucks let's see
what this guy's got for 50 bucks
looks like some kind of Final Fantasy
screen login they're all pretty fast
turnaround so let's just
BAM $50 Ria's fifty bucks five images
$80 I will create an amazing comic for
you let's do it let's get this made into
a comic $100 I will do anything you can
throw at me on Photoshop I like that
that's aggressive I will do anything you
throw in the in Photoshop for a hundred
bucks all right man
Shadow Mountain coming at you BAM two
hundred and ten dollars not just two
hundred two hundred and ten dollars
[Music]
cube fix
I will retouch high-end photography
we're looking for high-end results this
is a fiver verified pro so I'm expecting
results where's the original for this I
don't know but that's what I want people
in places they shouldn't be sign me up
all right and those were all about one
to two day turnaround so I'll get some
of them back we'll give them a couple
rounds of feedback should they need
feedback at all and then we'll reconvene
here in a few days let's see if Shadow
Mountain lives another day
okay we are back folks the results are
in let's start with five dollars from Li
22 Leo this is the results okay
let's start with the shadows are going
the right way so you've already done
better than I did I will say what I like
about this one is the perspective of the
mountain makes way more sense I put it
way too big and way too close to the
subject you look at my edit and you just
think why did you do that were you even
thinking the fact that Lee actually
Shrunk this down to a perspective where
it looks like maybe that could be in the
distance is good I would love to have
seen it color matched a bit more it
doesn't have to be a snowy mountain
that's just the PNG that I gave people
maybe we could have made it more like
one of those dusty kind of beige khaki
mountains you see when you're driving
from the San Diego to Vegas something
like that for five bucks that's good
like I'd be happy with that for five
dollars I am happy with that for five
dollars Sachin 81 so Gina Sachin 81
well not the shadows are going the wrong
way on this one but then we moved the
shadow of the woman to the same way and
it looks like we just got rid of the Sun
and skin tones all together it's very
corpse like I will get points for
blending the mountain to the foreground
it's pretty clean but again the
proportions are just wrong like the
mountain would never be that size with a
subject that size that close it's it's
hard it's take a look at our next
five-dollar seller 812 reviews 4.9 stars
let us take a look
now you know what it is to the mountain
itself doesn't even look real
the mountain is too sharp there needs to
be some obvious depth of field on that
mound it needs to have some kind of blur
on it it would never be that sharp of
the subject
apparently this far away being that
sharp fail shadows are going the wrong
way alright let's jump up let's go $25
let's see what we got here let's raise
the stakes okay first instincts shadows
are going the right way
so we passed level one the color matches
is better at least the mountain is kind
of color matched to the skin tone and
the overall photo itself else it looks
like we got some blur on the mountain in
the background again the proportions
just look weird and I wish if we were
doing this maybe someone had the extra
effort to put a sky in or maybe make it
look like there's no hidden layer that
you forgot to turn back on before you've
exported sandy what do you got for me
bud didn't I just say that it would be
great if there was some sky left over in
the background we got some sky left over
in the background shadows are going the
right way
so we passed level one the mountain is
definitely blurred in the background so
this is pretty good that's decent this
might be one of the best one so far
Sammy it seems to me like people are
having a little bit of trouble blending
the mountain to the foreground it's the
very harsh line I I did no better job
let's let's make not clear so we asked
in the revision could you do a better
job color matching this and maybe
blending the background with the
foreground
this was the revision dude that's decent
Sammy Sammy crushed me on this looks
like he even added a whole new part to
the mountain in that foreground in
background it's a perfect example of it
matching well if I saw that at a quick
glance and I didn't know it was edited
I'd probably believe that was real - one
thing that I feel like a few people have
missed so far there's powerlines in the
top right of this photo but I don't see
where those power lines connect hmm so
far I'm gonna say sani takes the lead
let's up the ante
35 and
doesn't even come close to Sammy shadows
are going the right way its color match
decently proportions are wrong
not enough sky bummer I was really
hoping that I want to look sick we're
moving into $50 let's take a look it's
pretty good yeah shadows are going the
right way
level one past color matching could
could use a little bit of work not too
bad amount was shrunk down I like that
it's depth of field it's not super sharp
proportions are a little bit better I
don't think they're as good as Sammy's
power lines are gone so our boy removed
them okay
This Is It this is like I got probably a
second place for sure we got two files
in here this is a second I'm not really
sure what I'm looking at here okay
moving on to the next one to $80 I will
create an amazing comic for you remember
that dude this is awesome
that's great detail shadows are going
the right way
oh that's awesome that's well worth the
$80 that'll make a good Art Deco piece
with a funky frame hanging in my office
with a jar of my tears from how mean
everyone was to me it's time it's time
to move in to the big leagues three
digits $100
[Music]
the quote on the website the quote on
the page was I will do anything you can
throw at me on Photoshop and that's not
bad that's not bad at all that's almost
exactly what I saying earlier about I've
kind of wanted this to look like a
mountain from you know the drive from
San Diego to Vegas just like one of
those a drive looks like you're in the
middle of a pair of khaki pants
everything's beige I don't think the
background was blended as well as Sammy
did this background still just like a
very harsh line it could look like that
in real life depending on how far the
mountain was back how low the
photographer was the angle all those
different things this this is real that
could happen looks like we got a little
bit of cloud potentially covering the
mountain there that looks intentional
but it looks a little bit like we just
took a white brush in Photoshop with
like a soft edge and just hit that top
of the mountain there to kind of fake
what a cut what a cloud cast could look
like but this is probably top three you
know I would say Sammy's in the lead
we've got $5 Lee in second place and
then I'm throw anything at me in third
place right now so I am also let's let's
go on record I am critiquing these
heavily most people that just want a
mountain in the back of a desert photo
that doesn't make any sense probably
don't really care about how good the
Edit is because it's probably a troll or
a joke anyway she makes it even worse
that I did it in real life but two
hundred and ten dollars
[Music]
we got two versions this was the first
yeah definitely not my favorite
mountains not even there's zero depth of
field on it the sky is a bit too harsh
zero color matching on it so we asked
for a revision for the background to
make a little more sense so a tiny bit
of haze was thrown into the background I
was I was I had higher hopes for 210
dollars I had higher hopes let's go back
to that five dollar one at the very
beginning from Lee Lee man should raise
your price let's take a look at Sammy
again at $25 who's the clear winner of
this challenge
Sammy congratulations the mountains will
remember you the shadow mountain
champion of 2020 goes to Sammy that
looks pretty great that is it that is
the conclusion of Shadow Mountain thank
you to my friends at Fiverr for
sponsoring this video check out the link
in my description below for my curated
store of my favorite Fiverr sellers and
if you want to save some money you can
use code Peter McKinnon at checkout to
save 15% off save some monies when you
go edit a mountain into the back of your
photos or get business cards made or
have videos edited or music written or
literally anything by the way you don't
just have to buy things on Fiverr if you
think you can edit better than a lot of
these people or you have a skill that
you could market fiber is also a great
place to make money as an artist put
yourself out there build a portfolio and
start taking orders from people like me
that need graphic assistance in a
multitude of different genres and
different industries so don't just think
of it as a place to go to get things
that you need
you could be the person also helping
others with your craft check it out and
guys I will see you in the next video
[Music]
guys
you got needs if you got needs
[Music]
hi this here is a pro tech knife Pro
Tech founded by Dave who used to be a
middle-school teacher now makes knives
they make knives for Navy SEALs for all
kinds of dope military people doing cool
scary things this is the closest I'll
ever get to being a Navy SEAL BAM fly
the flag